Add Alauda to ADOPTERS (#6134)
crossplane/crossplane: ADOPTERS.md

| [Rogo](https://rogodata.com/) | [@aiell0](https://github.com/aiell0) | We use Crossplane to deploy application-specific infrastructure to multiple cloud providers in our production environments. |
| [Arcfield](https://arcfield.com/) | [@DE-Wizard](https://github.com/DE-Wizard) | Our entire cloud architecture was redesigned from the ground up using [Crossplane](https://www.crossplane.io/) to manage the cloud resources and [Flux](https://fluxcd.io/) to manage feeding [Crossplane](https://www.crossplane.io/) with its configurations. We have architected a Control - Workload cluster configuration that spans multiple regions and providers. The combination of the 2 controllers allowed us to more tightly control environment changes and apply drift correction to mitigate manual configuration changes that may be unauthorized. Our combination covers both dev and production environments with the production environment Master Control Cluster having dominion over both in the end. |
| [Jove](https://www.jove.com/) | [@arturkasperek](https://github.com/arturkasperek) | We use Crossplane in production environments to build a Heroku like Internal Developer Platform on top of AWS and AWS EKS. |

> | [Alauda](https://www.alauda.io/) | [@tossmilestone](https://github.com/tossmilestone) | Our container platform product (ACP) use Crossplane to simplify application deployment and infrastructure provisioning for our clients. |

Reviewer: Is this usage serving your clients in production environments as well? If so, would you be open to updating the text here to include something like "in production environments"?
```suggestion
| [Alauda](https://www.alauda.io/) | [@tossmilestone](https://github.com/tossmilestone) | Our container platform product (ACP) uses Crossplane to simplify application deployment and infrastructure provisioning for our clients in production environments. |
```

Author: OK
